Now that we have a good idea of how the first rule works when the keyword this is outside of a declared
object.
Let's see what happens when the keyword this is inside of a declared object.
The second rule which we call the implicit or object binding states that when the keyword this is found
inside of a declared object the value of the keyword this will always be the closest parent object.
Let's see what we mean by that by looking at the code on the slide.
Here we have a Person object with the keys of first name.
Say hi and determine context.
Let's start with the say hi method inside of this function we are returning the value of the string.
Hi concatenated the value of the first name property on the keyword this since we see that the keyword
this is inside of a declared object.
We look at the closes parent object to figure out what the keyword this refers to.
You can see that the closest parent object is the person variable which means that the keyword this
refers to the person object.
Now let's examine the determine context method.
This function should return.
Sure false.
Notice we're using triple equals which will always evaluate to a boolean.
What do you think this function will return.
Think about where you see the key word.
This is it inside or outside of a declared object and is there a function that is creating a keyword.
This we see that the keyword this is inside of the person object which means that it should be that
person object.
So this expression should evaluate to true before moving on.
Take a second to review this code and try putting it in the chrome console or text editor to see exactly
what's happening before we continue.
Check your progress with this next exercise.
Even the code here.
What should the key word this refer to inside of the person object.
Take a second and pause the video if you'd like.
The answer is actually the window but why.
Remember that a keyword this is defined when a function is invoked.
Since there is not a function being run here to create a new value of the keyword this value of the
keyword this will still be the global object.
Now we said in our definition that the value of the keyword.
This will always be the closest parent object.
Let's see how things get a bit tricky with nested objects.
Now let's walk through some more complex code.
Here we have a nested object we see here that we have a person variable this time the first name property
is called.
Once again we have a say hi method to determine context method.
Take a second and think about what those functions will return when they're invoked.
Now notice we have an additional key in this person object called dog.
The value of the dog key is actually another object.
So let's examine the nested object inside of the dog object.
We have a key of say hello which is a function that returns the string Hello concatenated with the value
of the first name property on the keyword.
This using the tools for determining the value of the keyword.
This calls the video and try to figure out what the value of the keyword this is.
So what did you come up with inside of the say hello function.
What does the key word this refer to the person object the dog object.
Or maybe even the global object.
Well let's go back to our first rule which states that if the keyword this is not inside of a declared
object it will be the global object.
However in this case we see that the keyword this is inside of a declared object called Person.
So we move on to the second rule.
The implicit binding the implicit binding states that the value of the keyword.
This will always be the closest parent object.
This is where things get a bit tricky even though the declared object is person.
There is an object inside Cobbe dog which is the closest parent object to the say hello method.
Now that we know that the keyword this inside of the say hello method refers to the dog object.
What is the value of this stuff.
First name since the dog object does not have a key or first name.
The value will be undefined.
So when we invoke the say hello method by typing in person that D'Agata say hello you can see your returns.
Hello undefined.
We can also see that our determined contacts function is returning false because inside of the dog object
the key word just does not refer to the person object anymore.
So how can we fix this.
What if we want our say hello method to return Hello Colt instead of hello.
Undefined we would need some way of explicitly changing the value of the keyword.
This and that is exactly what the call apply.
Combine functions do for us in the next video.
We'll see the third rule for determining the value of the keyword this using call apply and bind.
Things are getting exciting.
See you in the next video.